 ## React Header Component with Logo and Navigation Links

This React component creates a header for a web application with a logo, navigation links, and a responsive design. It uses the React Bootstrap library for styling and layout.

### Installation

To use this component, you must first install the React Bootstrap library. You can do this by running the following command in your terminal:

```
npm install react-bootstrap
```

Once the library is installed, you can import it into your project by adding the following line to your `index.js` file:

```javascript
import { Navbar, Container, Nav } from "react-bootstrap";
```

### Usage

To use the Header component, simply import it into your component file and pass in the title of your application as a prop. For example:

```javascript
import Header from "./Header";

const App = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <Header title="My Application" />
      {/* The rest of your application */}
    </div>
  );
};
```

The Header component will render a navbar with the logo, navigation links, and a responsive design.

### Styling

The Header component uses the `navbarStyle` object to set the background color of the navbar. You can customize this style by changing the value of the `backgroundColor` property. For example, to set the background color to blue, you would use the following style:

```javascript
const navbarStyle = {
  backgroundColor: "#0000FF",
};
```

### Navigation Links

The Header component includes two navigation links, "Home" and "Link". You can customize these links by changing the value of the `href` property. For example, to change the "Home" link to point to the "/about" page, you would use the following code:

```javascript
<Nav.Link href="/about">Home</Nav.Link>
```

### Responsiveness

The Header component uses the `Navbar.Toggle` component to create a responsive design. This component will automatically hide the navigation links when the screen size is too small.

### Conclusion

The Header component is a versatile and customizable component that can be used to create a professional-looking header for your React application.

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)